Task 3: Written workCommit a text file to your repository named 'answers.txt' in the theory/startup directory that answers/discusses the following questions:1 What is Moore's Law and why is it relevant to computing?Moore’s Law states roughly that the number of transistors that can be integrated on a chip will double about every 2 years. It is relevant to computing because of the growth, more and more opportunities for more complex designs for microprocessors were created. As a result of this, computing performance increased as well. However, as shown in the graphs, in 2005, the three factors, three walls – power, ILP, and memory, converged to limit the growth in performance of single cores, which created the shift for the designs of multiple cores.2 What is the significance of processor clock speed? If we measure processor computational power as FLOPS, how could a 500 Mhz processor out perform a 1 Ghz processor?Processor clock speed is the rate at which the microprocessors’ circuits could be clocked. This is significant because an increase in clock rate, if the instruction set remains the same, translate roughly into an increase in the rate at which instructions are completed, which means an increase in computational performance. If we measure processor computational power as FLOPS, the processor with more cores will have more FLOPS. If our faster processor also have more cores than the slower processor, and the running application is multi-threaded, then the faster processor will out perform the slower one. However, if our running application is single threaded, then it will not be able to take advantage of the multiple cores and may even be slower on the faster processor.3./ What are some ways we might measure and compare computer capability? List FLOPS and two options, discuss strengths/weaknesses of each.FLOPS-It is a fairly precise metric since it measures how many operations the machine can do per second. However, its weakness lies in the fact that since the more cores you have, the higher your FLOPS will be. This means that even though you achieve a certain FLOPS, in reality, your this number is only achieved if all of your cores are being utilized. However, most applications do not use multiple cores.Number of Cores- More cores will generally result in more computing power, with parallel programming. However, it might run slower if the program is single threaded because it cannot take advantage of the multiple cores. Power-More cores and faster processors will generally consume more power, and since the number of cores can also mean higher computing power, we can use the power used as a measurement of computing power. However, this is a poor measurement because there could be much faster processors that consumed less energy because they are more energy efficient. Also, as mentioned earlier, most applications only run on one core.